# 1. What is npm?
- npm is a package manager which is used to manage external packages.

# 2. What is `Parcel/Webpack`? Why do we need it?
- These are bundlers. To bundle the app and package them so that they can be shipped to production we use bundlers. 
- https://parceljs.org/getting-started/webapp/
- https://parceljs.org/features/production/

# 3. What is `.parcel-cache`?
- whenver first time we save code parcel will create cache folder .parcel-cache. Next time when we save file, parcel takes code from this folder and quicly generates build.

# 4. What is `npx` ? 
- to execute npm packages we use this command.
- ex: npx parcel build "index.html"

# 5. What is difference between `dependencies` vs `devDependencies` ?
- all the packages which are required for our app to run in production are called as dependencies. Ex: react, fs, os etc
- packages which are required only during development of app are called devDependencies. Ex: parcel, nodemon etc

# 6. What is Tree Shaking? 
- method used by parcel to remove unused code while generating build is known as tree shaking.

# 7. What is Hot Module Replacement? 
- parcel will be automatically watching the file using file watcher algorithm(written in cpp) and when we save the file then automatically it detects and generates builds and gets loaded into server. This is known as hot module replacement.

# 8. List down your favourite 5 superpowers of Parcel and describe any 3 of them in your own words.      
- hot module replacement
- prod and dev build generation
- tree shaking
- bundling 
- caching
- image optimization
- compression
- minimizing
- port generation and hosting
- file-watching-algorithm
- zero config file

# 9. What is `.gitignore`? What should we add and not add into it? 
- things which are not to be pushed to git are listed in .gitigore file. We should add creds, node_module to this file.

# 10. What is the difference between `package.json` and `package-lock.json`?
- package.json contains generic version number of package and package-lock contains exact version number
- whenver something is installed generic version will be displayed in package.json
- transitive dependency info and exact version will be stored in package-lock.json

# 11. Why should I not modify `package-lock.json`? 
- its a auto generated file. it includes info about exact version and about transitive dependencies. hence it should not be tampered.

# 12. What is `node_modules` ? Is it a good idea to push that on git?
- whenver we do npm i, packages will be stored under node_modules folder. Its like a local repository for pacakges.
- this folder will have high size and it can be reproducable by doing npm i. Hence it should not be pushed to git.

# 13. What is the `dist` folder? 
- production ready builds generated by parcel will be saved in dist folder.
- ex: npx parcel build index.html

# 14. What is `browserlists`?
- to make our app support in multiple verisons of different browsers we use this.
- ex: add below in package.json to use this: <b>"browserslist": ["last 2 versions"]</b>. It means app will support in all last 2 versions of browsers.  

# 15. version in package.json?
- version will be in format of major.minor.patch
- ~ means: automatically updates latest patch version without changing major or minor. Ex: ~1.2.3 uses package version between 1.2.3 < 1.3.0
- ^ means: automatically updates latest minor and patch version without incrementing major version. Ex: ^1.2.3 updates packages version between 1.2.3 < 2.0.0
- if nothing is mentioned it will take exact verion

# 16. Script type
- script type = module lets us to use file with import statements as scripts.
- https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/script
